Come without your empty glory.
Come here, my son.
I don't care.
I didn'towegoen.
I was a child ...
... from my mother's Abborio house in Kamiguchi.
I don't want to hear such nonsense.
You demon's
Overall Thats
Quickly
Defend
You
way
And
Because
we
carpenter
Like
Fat
chocolate
Horien
...you'll yearn...
...for another day!
Hey, its Bacham!
Now sing
Wait
Do you hear? It's gone.
Did you hear me say that?
Shall we dance in the pond near the river?
Money, wealth, money, etc.
You never leave, ever.
Hey, someone help me, big brother.
I show you my power and…
Say goodbye!
Money, do you hear me?
What the hell did you say?
I regretted everything over my life!
But God if you forget my Toki and want to regret my now life
Our Zhuge is dead!